# org meeting
present:
- Dmitri, Sociology 4th year
- Allison Roberts, Sociology 5th year
- Connor Gallimore
- Varun Sarvanan
- Kate Roman
- Elyse Morin
- Sena Agezo
- David Nicholson

## agenda
- study group / Hacky Hours
  + can't have potluck! Laney says can't bring home-prepared food
    + but prepared food is okay
  + there's classrooms in Woodruff Health Sciences Library
  + Elyse: have in more central location?
    - David: e.g. main library. Modern Languages?
  + have one in each place:
    - Health Science Library

- code of conduct
  + NumFocus as example
    + mandatory reporter issue arising from enforcement?
      + Office of Respect
        + Elyse can talk w/Wanda and Michelle in Office of Respect
        + they would have language about who on campus is non-mandatory reporter and what process is
    + Varun: my understanding during workshop is that anyone would be mandatory reporter

- Spring general body meeting schedule
  + David will send all the emails 

- stats discussion
  - look up Wei-hua An <-- Networks Class in Sociology
  - Philip Wolff <-- Data Mining

- early February Software Carpentry Workshop
- short course
- hackathon

## points of action
- David, send out email with doodle poll about Hacky Hours
- David, send draft of CoC to board
- David, email Ellen about stats discussion
- David, let biostats discuss people know about Wei-hua An + Philip Wolff class
- David: SWC tentatively 1st, 2nd and 8-9
- David: people to email, cc Kate
  + reach out to Amber Willet at Terbium
  + Steve Pittard, who else to invite
  + reach out to Kyle from UGA
  + AWS guy in genomics core
  + Allison will ask students about R website workshop 
- add registration reminder in calendar with link to our classes
- and could compile people who have taken it and are willing to discuss
- Kate: re-ask listserv about times for Spring?
  + Kate will create poll and send to Sena
